README.md, before:

## **i3_meta_workspaces**

This code enables multiple meta workspaces within your i3 window manager. It is very useful when working in multiple projects. 
`$mod+X` usually allows you to access different workspaces. This script allows you to shift between different collections of workspaces i.e. meta workspaces. 

## **Usage**

Shift to meta workspace number X with:

`$mod+Control+X`

You can then navigate to different windows with:

`$mod+X`

And move windows within the meta workspace with:

`$mod+Shift+X`

## **Installation**

1. Place *meta_workspaces.py* in the *~/.config/i3/* folder.
2. Modify your i3 config to the following:

```c
set $script_path ~/.config/i3/meta_workspaces.py

# change to workspace
bindsym $mod+1 exec "python3 $script_path -w 1"
bindsym $mod+2 exec "python3 $script_path -w 2"
bindsym $mod+3 exec "python3 $script_path -w 3"
bindsym $mod+4 exec "python3 $script_path -w 4"
bindsym $mod+5 exec "python3 $script_path -w 5"
bindsym $mod+6 exec "python3 $script_path -w 6"
bindsym $mod+7 exec "python3 $script_path -w 7"
bindsym $mod+8 exec "python3 $script_path -w 8"
bindsym $mod+9 exec "python3 $script_path -w 9"
bindsym $mod+0 exec "python3 $script_path -w 0"

# move focused container to workspace
bindsym $mod+Shift+1 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 1"
bindsym $mod+Shift+2 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 2"
bindsym $mod+Shift+3 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 3"
bindsym $mod+Shift+4 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 4"
bindsym $mod+Shift+5 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 5"
bindsym $mod+Shift+6 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 6"
bindsym $mod+Shift+7 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 7"
bindsym $mod+Shift+8 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 8"
bindsym $mod+Shift+9 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 9"

# change meta workspace
bindsym $mod+Control+1 exec "python3 $script_path -m 1"
bindsym $mod+Control+2 exec "python3 $script_path -m 2"
bindsym $mod+Control+3 exec "python3 $script_path -m 3"
bindsym $mod+Control+4 exec "python3 $script_path -m 4"
bindsym $mod+Control+5 exec "python3 $script_path -m 5"
bindsym $mod+Control+6 exec "python3 $script_path -m 6"
bindsym $mod+Control+7 exec "python3 $script_path -m 7"
bindsym $mod+Control+8 exec "python3 $script_path -m 8"
bindsym $mod+Control+9 exec "python3 $script_path -m 9"
bindsym $mod+Control+0 exec "python3 $script_path -m 0"
```

Commit message:

*Adding picture and rename hint

README.md, after:

## **i3_meta_workspaces**

This code enables multiple meta workspaces within your i3 window manager. It is very useful when working in multiple projects. 
`$mod+X` usually allows you to access different workspaces. This script allows you to shift between different collections of workspaces i.e. meta workspaces. An easy to modify configuration string is generated which can be used in your i3 status bar of choice:

![Example Statusbar](i3_metaworkspace_status.png)

## **Usage**

Shift to meta workspace number X with:

`$mod+Control+X`

You can then navigate to different windows with:

`$mod+X`

And move windows within the meta workspace with:

`$mod+Shift+X`

## **Installation**

1. Place *meta_workspaces.py* in the *~/.config/i3/* folder.
2. Modify your i3 config to the following:

```c
set $script_path ~/.config/i3/meta_workspaces.py

# change to workspace
bindsym $mod+1 exec "python3 $script_path -w 1"
bindsym $mod+2 exec "python3 $script_path -w 2"
bindsym $mod+3 exec "python3 $script_path -w 3"
bindsym $mod+4 exec "python3 $script_path -w 4"
bindsym $mod+5 exec "python3 $script_path -w 5"
bindsym $mod+6 exec "python3 $script_path -w 6"
bindsym $mod+7 exec "python3 $script_path -w 7"
bindsym $mod+8 exec "python3 $script_path -w 8"
bindsym $mod+9 exec "python3 $script_path -w 9"
bindsym $mod+0 exec "python3 $script_path -w 0"

# move focused container to workspace
bindsym $mod+Shift+1 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 1"
bindsym $mod+Shift+2 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 2"
bindsym $mod+Shift+3 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 3"
bindsym $mod+Shift+4 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 4"
bindsym $mod+Shift+5 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 5"
bindsym $mod+Shift+6 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 6"
bindsym $mod+Shift+7 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 7"
bindsym $mod+Shift+8 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 8"
bindsym $mod+Shift+9 exec "python3 $script_path -mw 9"

# change meta workspace
bindsym $mod+Control+1 exec "python3 $script_path -m 1"
bindsym $mod+Control+2 exec "python3 $script_path -m 2"
bindsym $mod+Control+3 exec "python3 $script_path -m 3"
bindsym $mod+Control+4 exec "python3 $script_path -m 4"
bindsym $mod+Control+5 exec "python3 $script_path -m 5"
bindsym $mod+Control+6 exec "python3 $script_path -m 6"
bindsym $mod+Control+7 exec "python3 $script_path -m 7"
bindsym $mod+Control+8 exec "python3 $script_path -m 8"
bindsym $mod+Control+9 exec "python3 $script_path -m 9"
bindsym $mod+Control+0 exec "python3 $script_path -m 0"

#Rename current workspace
bindsym $mod+Control+r exec "python3 $script_path -r 1"
```
